
1-06-2025 || 12:01 am
So basically there is an issue where all of the methods in menu.cpp are using the player class definition from that file
while the functions in the guessing game file are using the class definition for player from  the header file. I'm not sure 
if that is actually the problem, but thats what it seems like. My way of fixing this is going to be moving methods that dont
need to be in the player class outside of the player class. This will include taking stuff like pickUser() makeUser() and fileConv() 
out of the class. This will cause some issues, but it generally should be fine. I also need to reorganize some of the recusive looping
stuff so looks a little nicer. I also need to change some of the if statements to switch cases. Most of them are fine, but some 
of the if statement strings should be looked at again

so:
- Move methods that font need to be in the class out of it
- reorganize recusive loops 
- if statements to switch cases



1-06-2025 || 2:49 pm
I finsihed establishing the player class, but I'm realizing now that I need to declare it in the header then define it in the source file
this will allow the other files to access the same Player class, which is the issue I'm currently having with the gameLoop right now. I 
need to figure out how to put the constructors in there though, I dont know if I cna just put them in as is, or if I will need to just 
put the decleration then define it in the source like the others or if there is a special case.

so:
- move class decleration and methods into header file
- figure out constructor decleration/definition
- adjust guessing game file to work with this



01-02-2025 || 3:13 pm
Implemented changes in menu to gameLoop. I also litterally just coppyied the playerclass into the menu header file, this didn't break anything
in the menu file, so I think everything is fine, but I guess we'll see when I gifure out how to compile.

so:
- figure out how to compile with multiple files
- check the logic of everything so I can try to reduce confusion prior to compiling


01-08-2025 || 9:36 pm
It almost compiles, it says the function yesCheck(string input) is declared multiple times in main.cpp, but it isnt even defined in that file so
I'm not sure what the issue is. That is the only error left though (unless yesCheck() causes errors), so after I get that wokring it should compile.

so:
- get yesCheck() to work properly


01-10-2025 || 9:17 pm
The reason it wouldnt compile is I had the yesCheck mehod defined in the header instead of the source file, I don't know why i didnt assume that was
the issue, but its done now so who cares. 

10:00 pm
Got everything working as intended, still need to test creating new users, but that worked before so I'm assuming it still works, it should still be 
tested though. Now I need to move onto the other games, I'll probably do slots -> blackjac -> roullete, then maybe poker if I can figure out server 
stuff, or end up deciding to just do it locally. Nonethe less the infastructure is made to do everything, all that really needs to be done is to 
create the other game loops, and rename the current one to be more concise.

so:
- test creating new user
- rename gameLoop to be more concise
- make other game loops

- potentially figure out server stuff for multiplayer games (Poker, blackjack, and maybe even roullete)


01-11-2025 || 7:55 pm
I still havent tested creating new user, I can do that later. I did rename the loops though, and initialized the other files. I decided to do blackjack 
before the other as well since slots and roulette is essentailly the exact same as guessing game with just different visuals which I'm not sure how to 
do yet. For the blackjack file I have made the card and deck classes and started on the game loop. I haven't actually gotten down to the actual blackjack
logic, but I got the boring stuff done. The shuffle function also needs to be made, this is described in the file, but it will probably be the Most
logically confusing part. I also need to do the hand class, I don't know If I'm actaully going to do this since it may be over complicating it, but it
seems like the right thing to do, the things in that class are described in the class. This will also require some logic work. I feel like this is the 
best way to do it though as I can store the houses hand and players hand seperatley in a simple way, and if I eventully go to multiplayer I can make
multiple players hands easily.

so:
- do the testing of past stuff
- make shuffle function
- do bj game logic
- at least start making the hand class, or decide on another route


01-13-2025 || 12:26 pm
Most of the structure is already done, just hav eot do the actual game loop which is mostly laid out. Just need to sort out the proper way to 
route the game logic.

3:50 pm
Tried out cursor IDE, has a lot of AI features similar to co pilot, kinda useful, but its better for smaller things than for big sections. Overall
not bad, but still not great. Used it to finish up the blackjack game loop, but I will definatley have to go back and fix some of the logic. I will 
also have to go in and do the option stuff. I liked its idea with the vector of option then list them, but it is still ify.

so:
- revise blackjack logic
- do option stuff
- make sure other changes are fine

4:32 pm
Right now the entire game loop occurs in the actual loop function the issue with that is the player can hit essenially as many times as they want 
while under 21 while my code only allows for one hit. This obviously causes an issue when more than one hit is needed, or when the hand is split the entire 
loop then needs to occur on those "new" hands. So I need to refactor the actuall game function loop to be within a function so it can be called 
many times recusively.

so:
- refactor game loop to be within a function
- make sure other changes are fine

01-14-2025 || 9:59pm
Everything seems good just need to add to menu and redo the start for menu to have multilple game options. 

so:
- add to menu
- redo start for menu
